[18913] Expose PayloadPool in DDSDataWriter and DDSDataReader (#513)
eProsima/Fast-DDS-docs: docs/fastdds/dds_layer/publisher/dataWriter/createDataWriter.rst

   :end-before: //!
   :dedent: 8

.. _dds_layer_publisher_datawriter_with_payload_pool_creation:

Creating a DataWriter with a custom PayloadPool
-----------------------------------------------

A custom :ref:`PayloadPool<rtps_layer_custom_payload_pool>` can be passed as an argument during the creation of a
:ref:`dds_layer_publisher_dataWriter`.

> That would allow customizing the management of the information exchanged between DataWriters and DataReaders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows for customizing the management of the information exchanged between DataWriters and DataReaders.
```
